---
title: 'Interactive Code Note Test'
date: 2024-07-17
permalink: /posts/2024/07/test/
tags:
  - Docker 
  - Golang
---
**This blog is a demo for github project [InteractiveCodeNote](https://github.com/zhuchangyi/InteractiveCodeNote)**  
Actually, 😂 I created this project for learning data structures and algorithms. I wanted to take notes and record the algorithm code I learned while being able to run the code as I write the notes.

---
## Test it on your own
<iframe id="go-editor-1" src="/assets/go-editors.html?noteId=Test" style="width:100%; height:500px; border:none;" frameborder="0"></iframe>

## How to Use Interactive Code Note Embedding in Markdown Editors
Embedding Interactive Code Note in your markdown editors is straightforward. Here's how you can integrate it with popular markdown editors:

**Typora**  
To embed an Interactive Code Note block in Typora, you need to use an iframe tag in your markdown file. Here is an example:
```html
<iframe id="go-editor-1" src="path/to/your/index.html?noteId=yourcodeid" style="width:100%;         
height:500px; border:none; background-color: #f5f5f5;" frameborder="0"></iframe>
```
`noteId`: stands for the name of the code block, which will be used on saving  codes, if you do not need to save codes nevermind.  
`path/to/your/index.html`: which is the path of your index.html which is located at `/backend` folder.
If u are local user, just type the path or localhost:port, else ip/domain:port is recommended  
Feel free to modify the styles to match your preferred aesthetics.  
 
## Benefits of Using Interactive Code Note
**Using Interactive Code Note offers several advantages:**

- Interactive Learning: Perfect for educators and students, it provides an interactive way to learn and teach coding.
- Enhanced Documentation: Developers can create rich, executable documentation that can be shared and collaborated on.
- Seamless Integration: Easily integrates with popular markdown editors and blogging platforms, making it versatile for various use cases.
- Version Control: Keep track of different versions of your code snippets, making it easy to revert to previous states.  

------
